deprecate csi-doctor.sh and recommend kubectl jfs plugin (#1571)
juicedata/juicefs-csi-driver: docs/zh_cn/administration/troubleshooting.md

kubectl krew install jfs
```

安装完毕以后，运行 `kubectl jfs` 就能打印使用说明：

```shell
$ kubectl jfs
tool for juicefs debug in kubernetes

Usage:
  kubectl-jfs [command]

Available Commands:

>   accesslog   collect access log from mount pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  accesslog   Collect access logs from the Mount Pod
```

  completion  Generate the autocompletion script for the specified shell

>   debug       Debug the pod/pv/pvc which is using juicefs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  debug       Debug a pod, PV, or PVC that is using JuiceFS
```

  help        Help about any command

>   mount       Show mount pod of juicefs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  mount      Show the Mount Pod of JuiceFS
```

>   mount      Show the Mount Pod of JuiceFS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  mount       Show the Mount Pod of JuiceFS
```

>   pod         Show pods using juicefs pvc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  pod         Show pods using a JuiceFS PVC
```

>   pv          Show juicefs pvs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  pv          Show JuiceFS PVs
```

>   pvc         Show juicefs pvcs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  pvc         Show JuiceFS PVCs
```

>   upgrade     upgrade mount pod smoothly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  upgrade     Upgrade the Mount Pod smoothly
```

>   warmup      warmup subpath of juicefs mount pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  warmup      Warm up a subpath of a JuiceFS Mount Pod
```

Flags:

>   -A, --all-namespaces                 If present, list the requested object(s) across all namespaces. Namespace in current context is ignored even if specified with --namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -A, --all-namespaces                 If present, list the requested object(s) across all namespaces. The namespace in the current context is ignored, even if specified with --namespace.
```

>       --as string                      Username to impersonate for the operation. User could be a regular user or a service account in a namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --as string                      Username to impersonate for the operation. The user can be a regular user or a service account in a namespace.
```

>       --as-group stringArray           Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --as-group stringArray           Group to impersonate for the operation. This flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.
```

      --as-uid string                  UID to impersonate for the operation.

>       --cache-dir string               Default cache directory (default "/root/.kube/cache")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --cache-dir string               Default cache directory (default: "/root/.kube/cache")
```

      --certificate-authority string   Path to a cert file for the certificate authority
      --client-certificate string      Path to a client certificate file for TLS
      --client-key string              Path to a client key file for TLS
      --cluster string                 The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use
      --context string                 The name of the kubeconfig context to use

>       --disable-compression            If true, opt-out of response compression for all requests to the server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --disable-compression            If true, opt out of response compression for all requests to the server.
```

>   -h, --help                           help for kubectl-jfs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -h, --help                           Help for kubectl-jfs
```

>       --insecure-skip-tls-verify       If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --insecure-skip-tls-verify       If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.
```

      --kubeconfig string              Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

>   -m, --mount-namespace string         namespace of juicefs csi driver (default "kube-system")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -m, --mount-namespace string         Namespace of JuiceFS CSI Driver (default: "kube-system")
```

  -n, --namespace string               If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

>       --request-timeout string         The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests. (default "0")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --request-timeout string         The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g., 1s, 2m, or 3h). A value of zero means don't time out requests. (Default: "0")
```

  -s, --server string                  The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

>       --tls-server-name string         Server name to use for server certificate validation. If it is not provided, the hostname used to contact the server is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --tls-server-name string         Server name to use for server certificate validation. If it is not provided, the hostname used to contact the server is used.
```

      --token string                   Bearer token for authentication to the API server
      --user string                    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

>   -v, --version                        version for kubectl-jfs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -v, --version                        Version for kubectl-jfs
```
